Docs: Document the plugins preinstall feature (#96464)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

Enter a comma-separated list of plugin identifiers to avoid loading (including core plugins). These plugins will be hidden in the catalog.

### preinstall

> Enter a comma-separated list of plugin identifiers to preinstall. These plugins will be installed on startup, using the Grafana catalog as the source. Preinstalled plugins cannot be uninstalled from the Grafana UI, they need to be removed from this list first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter a comma-separated list of plugin identifiers to preinstall. These plugins will be installed on startup, using the Grafana catalog as the source. Preinstalled plugins cannot be uninstalled from the Grafana user interface; they need to be removed from this list first.
```

Enter a comma-separated list of plugin identifiers to avoid loading (including core plugins). These plugins will be hidden in the catalog.

### preinstall

Enter a comma-separated list of plugin identifiers to preinstall. These plugins will be installed on startup, using the Grafana catalog as the source. Preinstalled plugins cannot be uninstalled from the Grafana user interface; they need to be removed from this list first.

> To pin plugins to a specific version, use the format `plugin_id@version`, for example,`grafana-piechart-panel@1.6.0`. If no version is specified, the latest version is installed. **The plugin will automatically be updated** to the latest version when a new version is available in the Grafana catalog on startup (except for new major versions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To pin plugins to a specific version, use the format `plugin_id@version`, for example,`grafana-piechart-panel@1.6.0`. If no version is specified, the latest version is installed. _The plugin will automatically be updated_) to the latest version when a new version is available in the Grafana plugin catalog on startup (except for new major versions).
```
